Good afternoon i'm Jinghan
andi i'm from the university of sheffield on dh for this next session
we going tio have a opportunity to
share experiences off moving to on
institutional wide opt out let you capture service
some may have already experienced this some may not some
maybe planning to but we're gonna work on the scenario
that's your institution will be doing so that they're beginning this
coming academic year on dh you'll be discussing
that with relation to specifically your institution on dh as a
discussion looking at identifying or trying to find cops off up to
five kind of common must dues toe having place
before that happens so my job had it your university of
sheffield is i work for the central idea department called kicks
on dh i used to be the learning and teaching systems
manager until this week when he got a new organizational chart which we've now got a
different title of the team on different fatal so i'm now
the academic systems on operations manager i'm
here with my colleagues from university chef laura on dh tom who
worked in the same team their job titles will figure out when we get
back to the office but their rows are to
support it's mainly the lecture capture system at
our university they also do with other services but
primarily that's what they deal with um let's just move
advanced that one let's just let's just move we'll do it that
way eso ya in today's that sure session we are going to just
breakouts roughly spends about forty five minutes
maximum on ben to come back here
would like us to actually to do is working groups
focus on on three areas one being technology
one being support and you're the one implementation
so tomorrow i will be giving a presentation with along with a
colleague from university of sheffield louise robson,
to tell you our story about moving to andi opt out service so i don't
really wanna give too much away about how we did it and it's not about standing and saying this is what we did
andi,
you just listen it's really more about having a discussion on then it's
being outed and share our experiences of where we felt that worked,
but it didn't work well,
actually we haven't tried that and we would like to a swell,
so what we'd like to do is to break into the sessions and i'd like to have a show of
hands those that would like to be in the group through it should discuss technology
okay,
those that would like to do support you gotta choose what one out of three so you obviously you
choose which one so we're back to support
uh,
okay,
yes,
it is a good man and an implementation so is anybody should
not put their hand up in once actually decides so would you like to see what would you like to do?
Technology?
Okay,
it kind of seemed like slightly even field,
but i felt like the technology was less than the rest,
so what i'd like you to do is we're going to get up on dh
those actually working with technology will go with my colleague some on obviously
time if you don't choose that,
sure,
the room over there sit sit down in tom's going to take some notes on then
of course the past will come back,
and then tom will actually then present on behalf ofthe what you've actually come to a common
ground with a guard to actually your top fives with in terms of
technology with laura,
can i just say,
you see a show of hands again for support and then
implementation so lower if you want to stay here because i think
the actual support seems mohr and then i take the actual those of implementation to
another another group obviously microphones if you want teo using
here,
so then it could be catch it that's what we're actually wise on dh then
yes,
just follow one of us,
so for tom actually you're moving your tongue,
you know,
just to say hi,
excellent tom,
which introduced himself intellectual room on the floor if you want to do the same and
then those actually come to do in fermentation if you follow me i'm gonna go this way tom
you go that way and then we'll report back at quarter past any
questions so far super let's get
moving
way
too far
thank you everybody for uh freshly
sharing your ideas your concerns
what would like to just do now is
we're just going to office he just share what our top five musters were in these
areas if what you actually
if there's anything else that you picked up on that you feel like is essentially strongly or
be really good for you to address police feel free teo youth ritual
sure answer submissions on that into their number so we can have that look at that
later what i do then is for those
already in here laura if you want to just start off on passionate microphone if you won then just
you've already got one could that hand house wouldn't go for it if you want to just actually then just tell us what you
were five or roughly top five mustangs with regard to two hundred
yeah so in this room we were talking about the support of staff and students when
introducing an opt out policy we had quite a lot of shit to start off with we had
over ten suggestions sort off with wilton down to five emerged something's in
together to sort of create it to the top five thursday we said was mapping work flowing
timetable in making sure the overlooks all meshed together to make sure it's a seamless as
possible for the support slide things and the second thing that we said was calms and guidelines
so making sure people knew exactly what was going to go on,
why it was happening,
how they work it,
what guidelines are in place to make sure it fits into their teaching style and what they need to do
to opt out if they did want to opt out training,
support sweeper online and face to face training and support of academics and students to make sure they know how
the system works,
why it works a certain way,
how much they can actually work with it,
how many different things that they could do without the different types of recordings that take place the interactive side of the
system as well to encourage more people solve used the system work quit as well.
And then we've put a recording copyright policy guidelines so making sure people knew
why it was being recorded any sort of copyright guidelines that being placed gdp
are came off a couple of times that i'm sorry and i was you policy
guidelines on institution policy,
making sure it's opened staff members,
they know exactly what is being introduced why it should be used and then we put a policy review
as well because a lot of policies are put into place and they sort of say i'll be reviewed in five years time but
making sure that review actually takes place and it's updated accordingly in a few years time
they were our top five for the support side of things super thank you,
tom.
Would you like to show yours?
Sure excellent.
So we were talking about the technology that we need in the rooms on
dh what what what type of what or not in the rooms across the institution as well?
One of the main ones that came up immediately was about the scheduling system
to make sure that you had something in place that when you went to opt out,
it would automatically be shed julian and then have another.
But i have a easy way off if people did opt out how to actually remove
them on dh stop those lectures from happening.
One of the things we said was audio being a major part of it and making sure that there was some sort of
hardware in the room that would capture audio regardless ofthe any other issues,
so if electric didn't turn the microphone on or didn't turn a podium,
we'll have a latte or a lapel mic that audio would still get captured.
One of the main reasons was that if you've got electra talking through some slides you can always have
the slide sent later day and have the audio
way didn't have five but then in the end we had there have consistent a v
in the rooms so or at least for the user experience so that
when electorate comes into a room it looks the same the bit that they can see
a ll is,
you know,
unique or different in different rooms it's all he's very standard on dh
on dh that was mainly it yeah so that they can use it
thank you what's interesting here in obviously both both groups what you actually
identified was very similar in terms of what we were looking at in terms of the implementation
on dso for implementation.
One thing that we did talk about first and we're actually pretty much quiet at length
was policy more in particular is a lot of things that we have in
place now is the policy might be defined by the service it
belongs to or a particular department but in order to actually to have an
opt out institutional white that policy needs to be agreed created
by a range of people but actually agreed at a high level academic
wide so that's that then actually has more stick more weight and
similar to yours whereby it then needs to be reviewed updated because things do
change as well we also talked about
the oh,
what happens quite a lot of those institutions is people have to do
something so people have to create a booking,
create schedule,
approve it,
there's a lot of things that relies on people to do something which also
has a high risk of things not actually happening s o the least
amount people have to do,
the more systems can actually also schedule picking up things from booking
system's the better it it would be
also about managing expectations for people to
what you understand,
what they're going to expect being kind of truthful.
That's,
yes,
this's actually aim's off this service,
but these may not actually happens to just making sure people are clear about
what you're you actually expected to actually have experience
they're going to have in a room as well.
And then lastly,
was about the reliability on the quality ofthe audio
on that that has actually been problem in other institutions where by
it hasn't worked has let people down people lose trust they will lose faith
on all this actually is about gaining people's trusts to make sure if you're going to use something that
is actually people may be resistant to them or they can gain trust in
your service on the technology on the policy is never your ship in place,
the more likely they are to go with you just to
follow on from that our university,
when it was announced that we were going to an opt out there was a pretty i'm not going to name him who
actually said,
well,
we're going to the as a faculty and we're going to actually opt out right from
that,
you're pretty level when they said that,
and then close to the time they changed their mind on an all faculty do and energy of
the ones with the highest recordings on the ones that had the most success the most that your restaurant's engaging,
etcetera,
but but initial thought was we've been told to do this until we
actually the immunization group was able to talk with them a little alley,
that kind of their concerns,
their fears,
etcetera and communicate what they're going to expect
exception.
So that really,
is it from us for that session?
Thank you for participating.
We do look forward to hearing more presentation at the conference and honestly talking with you further
on what i'm going to do now is then just say a break because it was actually break
these drinks,
not super,
so thank you Jinghan.